CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Table of contents
- [Contributing to Octokit-lite](#contributing-to-octokit-lite)
  - [Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License](#any-contributions-you-make-will-be-under-the-mit-software-license)
  - [Report bugs using Github's issues](#report-bugs-using-githubs-issues)
  - [Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code](#write-bug-reports-with-detail-background-and-sample-code)
  - [Setting up the project](#setting-up-the-project)
    - [Supabase](#supabase)
  - [References](#references)


# Contributing to Octokit-lite
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features/designs

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/briandk/transcriptase-atom/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by opening a new issue; it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can. [My stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that *anyone* with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

## Setting up the project

### Supabase

Please refer to `.env.template` for the env variables you may need. I am not going to give you the prod Supabase project access, so please create your own Supabase project and populate those values. 

For tables, you need to create these table(s).

```
create table "DeletedRecords" (
  id bigint not null primary key,
  created_at timestamp default now(),
  repo text not null,
  "sourceRepo" text,
  "isFork" boolean not null,
  "userId" uuid,
  "repoDetails" json not null
);


create table "UpdatedRecords" (
  id bigint not null primary key,
  created_at timestamp default now(),
  repo text not null,
  "userId" uuid,
  "initialRepoDetails" json not null,
  "updatedFields" json not null
);

```

> Thanks Zernonia! This create table script is generated using [supabase-schema](https://github.com/zernonia/supabase-schema).

Then you need to add additional auth URLs to your project, depending on the URL you spin up the app on.

- If you are working **locally**, it should be `http://localhost:3000`
- If you are working on **Gitpod**, it should be `**.gitpod.io`

This is my Supabase project auth URL configuration that allows for connecting to localhost, gitpod and prod. You can follow this.

![](./screenshots/supabase_redirect_urls.png)

To authenticate to Github, please turn on the Github authentication method in Supabase. To fill the values, please create a GitHub app on your own and fill those values in.

Example

<img width="861" alt="Screenshot 2022-10-05 at 8 06 06 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35736525/194056646-bbd16502-e1c9-4099-a0f1-123f53e917d8.png">


## References
Some of the contributing guidelines are ripped from [this template](https://gist.github.com/briandk/3d2e8b3ec8daf5a27a62).

Commit message:

Made improvement in Contribute.md, added specific steps for oauth

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Table of contents

- [Contributing to Octokit-lite](#contributing-to-octokit-lite)
  - [Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License](#any-contributions-you-make-will-be-under-the-mit-software-license)
  - [Report bugs using Github's issues](#report-bugs-using-githubs-issues)
  - [Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code](#write-bug-reports-with-detail-background-and-sample-code)
  - [Setting up the project](#setting-up-the-project)
    - [Supabase](#supabase)
  - [References](#references)

# Contributing to Octokit-lite

We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features/designs

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License

In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/briandk/transcriptase-atom/issues)

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by opening a new issue; it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can. [My stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that _anyone_ with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

## Setting up the project

### Supabase

Please refer to `.env.template` for the env variables you may need. I am not going to give you the prod Supabase project access, so please create your own Supabase project and populate those values.

For tables, you need to create these table(s).

```
create table "DeletedRecords" (
  id bigint not null primary key,
  created_at timestamp default now(),
  repo text not null,
  "sourceRepo" text,
  "isFork" boolean not null,
  "userId" uuid,
  "repoDetails" json not null
);


create table "UpdatedRecords" (
  id bigint not null primary key,
  created_at timestamp default now(),
  repo text not null,
  "userId" uuid,
  "initialRepoDetails" json not null,
  "updatedFields" json not null
);

```

> Thanks Zernonia! This create table script is generated using [supabase-schema](https://github.com/zernonia/supabase-schema).

More forward link is [Supabase-App](https://app.supabase.com/)

Then you need to add additional auth URLs to your project, depending on the URL you spin up the app on.

- If you are working **locally**, it should be `http://localhost:3000`
- If you are working on **Gitpod**, it should be `**.gitpod.io`

This is my Supabase project auth URL configuration that allows for connecting to localhost, gitpod and prod. You can follow this.

![](./screenshots/supabase_redirect_urls.png)

To authenticate to Github, please turn on the Github authentication method in Supabase. To fill the values
Please follow these steps:

- Move to Your github profile > Settings
- Look for Developer Settings
- Click on OAuth Apps
- Create a New OAuth App, copy client id and client key(if it is not there then generate a new key) and fill those values on Supabase.

Example

<img width="861" alt="Screenshot 2022-10-05 at 8 06 06 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35736525/194056646-bbd16502-e1c9-4099-a0f1-123f53e917d8.png">

## References

Some of the contributing guidelines are ripped from [this template](https://gist.github.com/briandk/3d2e8b3ec8daf5a27a62).
